you
what's up my fellow gamers is mad gypsy
here from mad catz today I'm going to
guide you through setting up your
trained pro plus true 5.1 surround sound
headset the contents of the box includes
the headset the inline audio controller
the detachable flexible microphone the
dolby digital decoder box to xbox live
communication cables the xbox only
digital audio adapter with optical cable
the USB cable and an AC adapter
to connect the charm pro plus headset to
your 360 via component composite or VGA
you will need the following items the
headset the inline audio controller the
microphone the Dolby Digital decoder box
the Xbox Live communication cable the
optical cable the USB cable and AC
adapter to assemble the AC adapter you
will need these two parts side to the
top until it clicks and locks now you
will need your decoder box and plug in
the end of the AC adapter into the DC
port and then plug in your AC adapter
into your wall outlet next plug the type
B end of the USB cable into the decoder
box and the type A and into a free port
on the Xbox on your optical cable please
make sure to remove both protective caps
on each end now you will need to plug in
each end of the optical cable one to
your Xbox and one to your decoder if
your Xbox does not have an optical port
you will need to plug in one end of the
optical cable into your component cable
now you will need to plug your headset
into your decoder box it can go into
either port with the release tab facing
up now you will need your communication
cable the puck and we'll go into your
controller plug in the 3.5 millimeter n
to your inline controller now you will
need your communication people make sure
to plug in the smaller end which is a
2.5 millimeter into your controller plug
in the 3.5 millimeter and into your
inline audio controller for other
specialty controllers please use a
communication cable without the puck
finally you will need to plug in your
flexible microphone into your headset
and lock it into place now that you're
armed with the unfair advantage you're
ready to immerse yourself in a true
gaming experience this is matt gypsy
i'll see you guys later